Release v0.36.1 (#588)
fluxcd/image-automation-controller: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.36.1

**Release date:** 2023-09-18

This prerelease fixes the push branch reported in the logs and status under
certain circumstances. 

> It also upgrades the version of github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin that fixes
> [GHSA-6xv5-86q9-7xr8](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-6xv5-86q9-7xr8). Even though
> the Flux project doesn't consider image-automation-controller to be affected,
> this bump will keep security scanners silent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also upgrades the version of github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin that fixes
[GHSA-6xv5-86q9-7xr8](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-6xv5-86q9-7xr8).
Even though the Flux controllers are not affected by this CVE
since they don't run on Windows nodes,
this bump will keep security scanners silent.
```
